

Training/Classes/Video

https://exploit-exercises.com
https://www.cybrary.it/cyber-security/
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=videos/aide-winter-2011
https://lab.pentestit.ru/pentestlabs/3
https://trailofbits.github.io/ctf/
http://ctf.forgottensec.com/wiki/?title=Main_Page
http://smashthestack.org/
http://ctf.hcesperer.org/
https://www.google.com/calendar/feeds/noge7b1rg2dg4a8kcm1k68vbjg@group.calendar.google.com/public/basic
https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=pe2ikdbe6b841od6e26ato0asc@group.calendar.google.com&gsessionid=OK
https://crypto.stanford.edu/cs155/
https://www.offensive-security.com/metasploit-unleashed/
http://www.irongeek.com/i.php?page=videos/metasploit-class
http://www.securitytube.net/
http://resources.infosecinstitute.com/
https://www.cs.fsu.edu/~redwood/OffensiveSecurity/lectures.html
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANlROJNWtCs&list=PLM0IiVYClP2vC3A6Uz_ESV86kBVYei5qx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sye3mu-EoTI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPjcSxyIIUc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPxavpgos2I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnqcHU2qFiA
http://www.securitytube.net/video/7640
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2zrEAwmdws
http://www.securitytube.net/video/7735Vulnhub VMs

EnigmaGroup
http://www.enigmagroup.org/
Exploit Exercises
http://exploit-exercises.com/
Google Gruyere
http://google-gruyere.appspot.com/
Gh0st Lab
http://www.gh0st.net/
Hack This Site
http://www.hackthissite.org/
HackThis
http://www.hackthis.co.uk/
HackQuest
http://www.hackquest.com/
Hack.me
https://hack.me
Hacking-Lab
https://www.hacking-lab.com
Hacker Challenge
http://www.dareyourmind.net/
Hacker Test
http://www.hackertest.net/
hACME Game
http://www.hacmegame.org/
Hax.Tor
http://hax.tor.hu/
OverTheWire
http://www.overthewire.org/wargames/
pwn0
https://pwn0.com/home.php
RootContest
http://rootcontest.com/
Root Me
http://www.root-me.org/?lang=en
Security Treasure Hunt
http://www.securitytreasurehunt.com/
Smash The Stack
http://www.smashthestack.org/
TheBlackSheep and Erik
http://www.bright-shadows.net/
ThisIsLegal
http://thisislegal.com/
Try2Hack
http://www.try2hack.nl/
WabLab
http://www.wablab.com/hackme
XSS: Can You XSS This?
http://canyouxssthis.com/HTMLSanitizer/
XSS: ProgPHP
http://xss.progphp.com/
DigitalCorpora
http://digitalcorpora.org/
Digital Forensics Tool Testing Images
http://dftt.sourceforge.net/
DFRWS 2014 Forensics Rodeo
http://www.cs.uno.edu/~golden/dfrws-2014-rodeo.html
Linux LEO Supplemental Files
http://linuxleo.com/
volatility memory samples
https://code.google.com/p/volatility/wiki/FAQ
ISFCE Sample Practical Exercise
http://www.isfce.com/sample-pe.htm
ForGe Forensic test image generator
https://github.com/hannuvisti/forge
Network Forensics
Wireshark Sample Captures
http://wiki.wireshark.org/SampleCaptures
Wireshark Network Analysis Book Supplements
http://www.wiresharkbook.com/studyguide.html
pcapr
http://www.pcapr.net
PacketLife Capture Collection
http://packetlife.net/captures/
DigitalCorpora Packet Dumps
http://digitalcorpora.org/corpora/packet-dumps
Evil Fingers PCAP Challenges
https://www.evilfingers.com/repository/pcaps_challenge.php
PCAPS Repository
https://github.com/markofu/pcaps
Chris Sanders Packet Captures
http://chrissanders.org/packet-captures/
Tcpreplay Sample Captures
http://tcpreplay.appneta.com/wiki/captures.html
Enron Email Dataset
http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~enron/
MAWI Working Group Traffic Archive
http://mawi.wide.ad.jp/mawi/
LBNL-FTP-PKT
http://ee.lbl.gov/anonymized-traces.html/
Malware Analysis
Open Malware / Offensive Computing
http://openmalware.org/
Contagio
http://contagiodump.blogspot.com/
VX Heaven
http://vxheaven.org/
VirusShare.com / VXShare
http://virusshare.com/
VXVault
http://vxvault.siri-urz.net
MalShare
http://malshare.com/
Virusign
http://www.virusign.com/
theZoo / Malware DB
http://ytisf.github.io/theZoo/
malc0de
http://malc0de.com/database/
FakeAVs blog
http://www.fakeavs.com/
malware_traffic
http://malware-traffic-analysis.net/
Georgia Tech malrec page
http://panda.gtisc.gatech.edu/malrec/
Kernelmode Forum
http://www.kernelmode.info
Malware Hub Forum
http://malwaretips.com/categories/malware-hub.103/
MalwareBlacklist.com
http://www.malwareblacklist.com
Joxean Koretâ€™s List
http://malwareurls.joxeankoret.com
Sucuri Research Labs
http://labs.sucuri.net/?malware
CLEAN MX realtime database
http://support.clean-mx.de/clean-mx/viruses.php
Contagio Mobile Malware
http://contagiominidump.blogspot.com/
Android Sandbox
http://androidsandbox.net/samples/
maltrieve
http://maltrieve.org/
HoneyDrive
http://bruteforce.gr/honeydrive
Online and CTFs
Honeynet Challenges
https://www.honeynet.org/challenges
http://old.honeynet.org/scans/index.html
I Smell Packets
http://ismellpackets.com/
Network Forensics Puzzle contest
http://forensicscontest.com/puzzles
DEF CON CTF Archive
https://www.defcon.org/html/links/dc-ctf.html
DFRWS
http://www.dfrws.org/2013/challenge/index.shtml
http://www.dfrws.org/2010/challenge/
http://www.dfrws.org/2011/challenge/index.shtml
http://www.dfrws.org/2007/challenge/index.shtml
http://www.dfrws.org/2006/challenge/
http://www.dfrws.org/2005/challenge/
ForensicKB Practicals
http://www.forensickb.com/2008/01/forensic-practical.html
http://www.forensickb.

A few Vulnhub VMs. I recommend trying out a few before the exam or when your lab time expires.

Another good advice is to read/watch the walkthroughs of those machines. Try to root them yourself first!

    Kioptrix: Level 1 (#1)
    Kioptrix: Level 1.1 (#2)
    Kioptrix: Level 1.2 (#3)
    Kioptrix: Level 1.3 (#4)
    FristiLeaks: 1.3
    Stapler: 1
    PwnLab: init
    Tr0ll: 1
    Tr0ll: 2
    Kioptrix: 2014
    Lord Of The Root: 1.0.1
    Stapler: 1
    Mr-Robot: 1
    HackLAB: Vulnix
    VulnOS: 2
    SickOs: 1.2
    pWnOS: 2.0

HackTheBox (HTB)

HTB is a penetration testing platform with many machines that feel like they belong in the OSCP labs. All you have to do is pass the registration challenge and only then, you will have your VPN access provided. I suggest doing a few as it is free and an excellent way to prepare for the exam without downloading a vulnerable VM.
Web Exploitation

    http://www.studfiles.ru/preview/2083097/page:7/
    http://126kr.com/article/3vbt0k8fxwh
    http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/dencoder/


Other people's exp and journey to OSCP and some of my favorite 

https://medium.com/@hakluke/haklukes-ultimate-oscp-guide-part-1-is-oscp-for-you-b57cbcce7440?source=user_profile---------13------------------
https://medium.com/@hakluke/haklukes-ultimate-oscp-guide-part-2-workflow-and-documentation-tips-9dd335204a48 

https://medium.com/@cosmin.ciobanu/the-only-oscp-advice-you-will-need-ae141060b87c

https://0x00sec.org/t/rains-pwk-oscp-write-up-and-ama/8164

https://scriptdotsh.com/index.php/2018/04/17/31-days-of-oscp-experience/

https://www.lewisecurity.com/i-am-finally-an-oscp/ 

https://prasannakumar.in/infosec/my-walk-towards-cracking-oscp/ 
